well everyone this is the test of the
Kodiak canvas truck tent so we're going
to check this out and I think you'll
like it this is pretty cool so I'm going
to do this slowly so I don't make you
sick and here it is this is the
full-size truck bed tent very easy to
set up once you get these rails put in
correctly you can see where it's that's
the Kodiak sign and I'm going to step
back here so you can kind of see this a
little bit better you can see where
there's an actual awning that comes up
over the cab that's pretty nice because
if you have a cab window which I don't
like a sliding rear window it actually
will allow you to go directly into the
cab so that's pretty cool that's that's
really really interesting and that's a
that's a great asset if you have one of
those I just don't by chance have one so
anyway let's go take a look around here
I'll just keep coming around the truck
here probably going to get into the Sun
a little bit here so I'll get around the
backside here and you can see let me
show you this there's actual event right
up underneath the awning so if it's
pouring the rain or whatever you've got
venting there and then of course as I
said the cab window there too which is
nice because it ends up being right by
your head that's pretty cool and then to
mesh windows would screen you know would
storm doors on them so it goes straight
across there for great ventilation on
the tailgate here that's how it actually
works the tailgate is dropped down on it
and that's actually part of it very
large back door screen with of course a
storm shield on it too and then the
awning you can see coming out around the
outside very very cool I just got this
built for it I actually made a platform
for the bed and worked out really really
well it's three feet by six and a half
feet I was kind of move that back
offside there as you can see how much
room is in that
this is three feet wide by six and a
half feet long and there's still plenty
of room inside the tent to walk
alongside here okay I'm going to jump up
in here without falling that'll be a
good one
okay so we're up inside the tent here
and that's what it looks like pretty
cool I'm actually sitting upright on top
of my platform that I'd built and you
can clearly see that there's plenty of
headroom for me I'll put my hand up here
and we'll just pull this back real quick
here see me and then up to the top here
just very very well made there are these
rails that you put in and they're held
in by C clamps and they go along the bed
rails of the truck and then each one of
the poles there's three main ones they
go into a pin that's in the metal
they're very well built and then they go
back in you know they're velcroed in
there their respective areas in the
center here and then toward the back but
you can see how that is and there's the
cab window you know if you had a back
window you could use a heater you could
use air conditioning in it you know if
you're into that type of thing very very
well but this is a Teton sports
XL sleeping bag it's really big and it's
a to 30 below zero so I think it's 35
below so there's plenty of plenty of
room
also I built this platform just high
enough that you can actually access a
deep cycle battery I have right here and
I can actually have a gauge on that to
tell how many amps or how many volts
that I have out of it so it's fully
charged there's a 12-volt cigarette
lighter plugins there and also a Quick
Connect pigtail for the solar panels
which actually go up on top of the cab
so that works out well there's a mesh
gear bag there along the wall there I
just had this little aluminum table here
kind of wobbly a little bit just because
of the plastic bed liner and
otherwise net you know these are the
storm flaps they zip up of course and
you're ready to go there and then those
rails are set that way but very very
cool
I'm very impressed and I'm just going to
jump back down out of here and that's it
Kodiak canvas tent pretty cool can't
wait to sleep in it tonight supposed to
get down to about 50 tonight so it'll be
a nice night
nice zippers on these it doesn't look
like it's cheaply made they they're the
big zippers so well made as far as I can
see and just a flap tear going to hobble
it over zip it up kind of funny I got to
show you this
they put a Velcro tab on the outside
don't ask how you're supposed to do that
when the door is shut I joked with a guy
on the on the phone about it and they
just do it just to keep that from
flapping around when you're not in the
tent or whatever it just helps keep the
zipper clean I guess but so there it is
the Kodiak campus truck tent pretty cool
I'm I'm real happy with it looks like
the company is a good company had some
questions for them and they answered
them they were very very polite on the
phone so that is it I know the video is
going on here for five minutes whole six
minutes now but try to give you a real
good rundown of how that looks and how
it works okay see you guys later